Where did the stinky beggar come from?
How dare you claim my gift?
This gift turned out to be from Xu Shao
You don't even think about it.
Don't say this trash can afford a mansion
He can't even afford a toilet in a mansion, can he?
I love you so much, you said it earlier
We were tricked by him.
Doesn't he like to act tough?
I just want everyone to see
He pretended to be a clown after being exposed.
clown
It's not yours, why are you showing your face?
My gift hasn't arrived yet.
It's just a misunderstanding.
Misunderstanding, is it through something and then returning it?
It can be a misunderstanding
It's your business
I'll settle the bill with you later
Hey
Grandpa, on behalf of the Xu family, I wish you happiness like the East China Sea
Shoubinan Mountain
Xu Shao is polite
I can't stand such a heavy gift.
Fortunately, you can buy it.
Otherwise, you will be deceived by this villain.
Xu Shao, you are so kind
I knew it!
These receptions are definitely not sent by waste depression
Second brother, did you find a good son-in-law?
How dare you risk my son-in-law's acceptance
This is iron, not shit
Disgusting
Xiao Chen, why are you doing this?
I said it was just a misunderstanding
Besides, these things are not expensive
My gift will arrive soon.
Then you will see
Those are the surprises I prepared for you
Huh surprise
Things from my Xu family
It's also what you poor and poor trash can get famous for
Today is the birthday banquet for Mr. Liu
I won't embarrass you either.
Bring the whole family to kowtow to me and apologize
Then get out of my way